[Tutorials] Switch from Add Configuration Block to Add Block, and Create to Add to machine (#5167)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/configure/configure-rover.md

If your rover has its camera mounted on a pair of [servos](/reference/components/servo/), like the Yahboom rover, you can use these to control the pan and tilt of the camera.

Click the **+** icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select **Blocks**.

> Select the `servo` type, then select the `viam:raspberry-pi:pi-servo` model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for `servo`, then select the `raspberry-pi/rpi-servo` model.
```

Enter `pan` as the name and click **Add to machine**.

Set `Depends On` to `local`, and `pin` to the pin the servo is wired to (`23` for the Yahboom rover).

Finally, add the tilt `servo` as well.
Click the **+** icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select **Blocks**.

> Select the `servo` type, then select the `viam:raspberry-pi:pi-servo` model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for `servo`, then select the `raspberry-pi/rpi-servo` model.
```

{{< tabs name="Configure a Wheeled Base" >}}
{{% tab name="Config Builder" %}}

Click the **+** icon next to your machine part in the left-hand menu and select **Blocks**.

> Select the `base` type, then select the `wheeled` model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search for `base`, then select the `base/wheeled` model.
```
